# cs210-project-3

This project was meant to be a shopping list for a made up company called corner grocer where I was asked to .
1. prompt the user to input an item they want to look for.
2. print a list of all the things in the given text file and use a map to count them up.
3. then also using a map count up the list but instead of numbers use asterisks.
   I feel like I did it well the code did what was shown on the rubric with no problems when i tested it.
   If i was to do it again I would probably want to work on processing input since I had trouble with getting option 1 to print using a not capitalized word wince all the strings were capitalized and my validation definitely needs work.
   I feel like the most challenging part would have been making the map if the instructor had not given us a hint video but since he did the hardest part for me was figuring out how to get the map to work with input while scanning a file. Orignially i had the input too soon so it did not register correctly so i ended up moving it to where it is now and it ended up working the way I needed so I left it. I will have to use maps and switches more in the future switches are super helpful for input and maps are amazing for reading files.
   Honestly most of the stuff from this project is transferrable since maps are good for things that need documents scanned, switches are good for user input that requires choices, fstream is important for inputting and outputting information from files as well. Knowing how to change the output from a file to fit your needs is good I think thats what option 3 was about. Some of the stuff from this project I even took from other work from earlier in the course so it's already a great example of code that would be useful later since I needed to remember how to use fstream then looked back at the module 5 activity to help me.
   I tried to make the code maintainable through keeping seperate functions for each of the parts in the switch and the menu. By making sure the functions are kept seperate they are able to be maintained easier since with proper commenting anyone dowen the line can look at it and know what it does and what they might need to change to fit what they need the program to do in the future. A problem someone might have later though is with the line that initially creates the .dat file since its in a bit of a precarious place since it needed to be made at the start of the project according to the rubric but hopefully thats not a problem. I wanted to put it in option 2 but then it would not be made unless someone printed option 2 which isn't good. I also made sure to add comments where necessary to make sure someone can tell what the code is doing in each function so its more readable along with a title that says what the whole program does. 
